hi I'm Jenny and this is my sister
Heather and we run spork foods in Los
Angeles where we've been teaching vegan
cooking classes for over four years and
we also offer our classes online at
spork online com to anyone in the world
who wants to learn how to make fun
delicious easy vegan recipes when we
were asked to create our cookbook spork
bed we had people from all walks of life
in mind vegans vegetarians to omnivores
we teach to a wide variety of people who
just want to eat really delicious food
that happens to be good for you we
included some of our favorite exciting
and very unique recipes that you won't
find anywhere else fettuccine alfredo
with cheese crisps or frosted meatloaf
and we also have an egregious dessert
section with churros and we have a
brunch section where we have cinnamon
rolls and we have a spelt coffee cake
and strawberry cream cheese stuffed
french toast I'm getting hungry just
thinking we even included some gluten
free recipes in there for any wheat free
readers who want to explore cooking from
all over the world we have about 75
recipes and a full color photograph to
go with each and every one so there's no
guess work in our cookbook our forward
was written by Emily and zooey deschanel
amazing sisters that we think are
adorable and we have this great
suggested menu section where you can
take all of these different recipes that
are in the book and we've suggested how
to pair those together to create the
perfect four-course meal hold me comfort
foods that include a really killer mac
and cheese it's my party and I'll cook
if I want to a suggested menu for a
birthday party theme when you want to
cook for yourself on your birthday
because no one will do it like you'll do
it and we even have a fancy-pants
section so people can think that you've
been cooking for your whole life even if
you had no
experience in the kitchen these recipes
are super easy and anyone will be able
to cook them so this is our cookbooks
pork bed and with your lifelong being
new to cooking or an omnivore that wants
to incorporate more healthy eating
you're going to love this book